extension/README.md, before:

# IMDBug Extension
This subsection is in charge of the VSCode extension that
contacts the model's API.

This extension has been tested on VSCode `>=1.72` so make sure
that you're running the right version. 

## Running the extension

In order to run the extension, choose the version that 
you desire under `extension\versions`, copy it into the 
directory containing you source code, open the directory 
in VSCode, right-click the extension and click 
`install this .vsix` or something similar.

Now click `ctrl-shift-p` and search for `imdbug: Activate`
in order to run the extension. The extension should run 
on every file open, file save, and refresh in the top 
right corner menu. 

## Modifying the extension 

Open `extension\imdbug` in VSCode. In order to modify the
extension you need to download NodeJS version `14` or
higher and then open up the VSCode terminal and run:

```
npm install @vscode/vsce -g
npm install ts
npm run compile
```

Then just go to `Run -> Start Debugging` (Make sure that 
you're running the plugin with `VSCode extension development`). 
This will open up a new VSCode window with the extension running. 
Now you can use it as described in the previous section. 

In order to bundle the plugin, just run: 

```
vsce package
```

and answer yes to all of the questions. This wil create a
`.vsix` plugin file that can be used as before. 

You're all set!

### Thanks

A special thanks to Daniel Goltz for creating this plugin, 
and Ido Machlev for upgrading it!

Commit message:

Restrucuting so that all models are under src + more elegant chgnes + app functionality

extension/README.md, after:

# IMDBug Extension
This subsection is in charge of the VSCode extension that
contacts the model's API.

This extension has been tested on VSCode `>=1.72` so make sure
that you're running the right version. 

## Running the extension

In order to run the extension, choose the version that 
you desire under `extension\versions`, copy it into the 
directory containing you source code, open the directory 
in VSCode, right-click the extension and click 
`install this .vsix` or something similar.

Now click `ctrl-shift-p` and search for `imdbug: Activate`
in order to run the extension. The extension should run 
on every file open, file save, and refresh in the top 
right corner menu. 

It is recommended that you run the plugin with another popular existing 
plugin called `Error Lens`. Just download that extension too, and 
also make sure to run `ctrl-shift-p` and then `Error Lens: Toggle Hints`. 
This will display the non-vulnerable functions in indicative green. 

## Modifying the extension 

Open `extension\imdbug` in VSCode. In order to modify the
extension you need to download NodeJS version `14` or
higher and then open up the VSCode terminal and run:

```
npm install @vscode/vsce -g
npm install ts
npm run compile
```

Then just go to `Run -> Start Debugging` (Make sure that 
you're running the plugin with `VSCode extension development`). 
This will open up a new VSCode window with the extension running. 
Now you can use it as described in the previous section. 

In order to bundle the plugin, just run: 

```
vsce package
```

and answer yes to all of the questions. This wil create a
`.vsix` plugin file that can be used as before. 

You're all set!

### Thanks

A special thanks to Daniel Goltz for creating this plugin, 
and Ido Machlev for upgrading it!
